docs(application-system): Update orginisation requests config (#7878)
island-is/island.is: handbook/misc/application-system-org-requests.md

To invoke a state change the machine client would for approving make a PUT request like so:

> ```c

Reviewer: C code? Typo?

  "message": ""
}'
```

#### Postman local testing setup

> Log in to the admin panel https://identity-server.dev01.devland.is/admin
> With 010-7789 og and chose Gervimaður Útlönd and fetch the secret from the client created earlier
> Create an new secret and copy to your clipboard

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Log in to the [IDS admin panel](https://beta.dev01.devland.is/admin) on dev using Gervimaður Útlönd 010-7789. Find the client you created earlier, create a new secret and copy it to your clipboard:
```

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2643113/175304337-82ce024c-4215-4de1-a09e-e28cce2082b9.png)

> Chose Oauth 2.0 and use the settings below. Insert your Client id, client secret and the Scope should be `@island.is/applications:read @island.is/applications:write` press "Get New Access Token" and you have your token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Choose Oauth 2.0 and use the settings below. Insert your Client id, client secret and the Scope should be `@island.is/applications:read @island.is/applications:write` press "Get New Access Token" and you have your token.
```
